Add system.sync_partition_metadata procedure to sync Hive table partitions (#223)
prestosql/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/hive.rst

    Create an empty partition in the specified table.

> * ``system.msck(schema_name, table_name, add, drop)``

Reviewer: - I am not sure if we should follow the hive naming. 
- what are `add` and `drop`? booleans? Maybe we could have separate methods to repair separate things?

>     Check partitions in metastore and in file system. Repair the partitions(``add`` and ``drop``) if requested.

Reviewer 2: I agree, the name `msck` is not descriptive, and having two booleans is confusing. Also, there are only three valid states, not four, since having both be `false` would do nothing.

What about having three functions:

* `add_partitions`
* `drop_partitions`
* `sync_partitions`

These are be similar to the `MSCK` options for Hive. I thought of some longer names, but it's hard to be  descriptive without making the names too long, and it seems good to have add/drop be symmetric.

For the docs, rather than saying "repair", something more direct like

> Add any partitions that exist on the file system but not in the metastore.

> Drop any partitions that exist in the metastore but not on the file system.

>     Check partitions in metastore and in file system. Repair the partitions(``add`` and ``drop``) if requested.

Author: Or, how about let's make it something like
``` 
system.repair_partitions(schema, table, mode)
```
where `mode` (`VARCHAR` type) is a one of `ADD`, `DROP` or `SYNC`.

>     Check partitions in metastore and in file system. Repair the partitions(``add`` and ``drop``) if requested.

Reviewer 2: I dislike the name “repair” since it implies we are fixing them (because they are damaged?), when in reality we are synchronizing the metadata with the file system.

Although if we want to stick with the “repair” name, or any single name, your proposal seems good.

>     Check partitions in metastore and in file system. Repair the partitions(``add`` and ``drop``) if requested.

Reviewer 2: Another idea, based on yours: `sync_partition_metadata` with modes `ADD`, `DROP`, `FULL`.

>     Check partitions in metastore and in file system. Repair the partitions(``add`` and ``drop``) if requested.

Author: `sync_partition_metadata` looks good. I'll update the PR with the new name.

    Create an empty partition in the specified table.

* ``system.sync_partition_metadata(schema_name, table_name, mode)``

>     Check and repair partitions in metastore. There are three modes available:

Reviewer 3: Can we get rid of "repair"?

```suggestion
    Check and update partitions list in Metastore. There are three modes available:
```

Reviewer 2: We lowercase "metastore" elsewhere in the documentation

>     * ``ADD`` : add any partitions that exist on the file system but not in the metastore.

Reviewer 3: @electrum will it be obvious that user needs to put ADD in apostrophes?
or we could
```suggestion
    * ``'ADD'`` : add any partitions that exist on the file system but not in the metastore.
```
?

Reviewer 2: Adding quotes will look a bit strange. We should add an example in the examples section below.

    Create an empty partition in the specified table.

* ``system.msck(schema_name, table_name, add, drop)``

>     Check partitions in metastore and in file system. Repair the partitions(``add`` and ``drop``) if requested.

Reviewer 4: nit: Need newline right before `Check partitions...`
